ag exclusive 10
ag exclusive 15
ag exclusive 15
ag exclusive 20
ag exclusive 20
ag exclusive 25
ag exclusive 30
ag cournot 40-q
ag cournot 50-q
ag cournot 60-2q
ag cournot 80-2q
ag cournot 100-3q
ag cournot 120-3q
animals exclusive 10
animals exclusive 15
animals exclusive 20
animals exclusive 25
animals exclusive 30
animals exclusive 35
animals exclusive 40
animals cournot 40-q
animals cournot 50-q
animals cournot 60-2q
animals cournot 80-2q
animals cournot 100-3q
animals cournot 120-3q
energy exclusive 10
energy exclusive 15
energy exclusive 15
energy exclusive 20
energy exclusive 20
energy exclusive 25
energy exclusive 30
energy exclusive 40
energy cournot 40-q
energy cournot 50-q
energy cournot 60-2q
energy cournot 80-2q
energy cournot 100-3q
animals cournot 120-3q
metals exclusive 10
metals exclusive 15
metals exclusive 15
metals exclusive 20
metals exclusive 20
metals exclusive 25
metals exclusive 30
metals cournot 40-q
metals cournot 50-q
metals cournot 60-2q
metals cournot 80-2q
metals cournot 100-3q
metals cournot 120-3q